fix: handle error and revert data in EthEstimateGas and EthCall (#12553)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

## New features

> * Add `EthSendRawTransactionUntrusted` RPC method to be used for the gateway when accepting `EthSendRawTransaction` and `eth_sendRawTransaction`. Applies a tighter limit on the number of messages in the queue from a single sender and applies additional restrictions on nonce increments. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12431](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12431))

Reviewer: You probably need to rebase on master again for all of these to disappear.

- Reduce size of embedded genesis CAR files by removing WASM actor blocks and compressing with zstd. This reduces the `lotus` binary size by approximately 10 MiB. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12439](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12439))
- Add ChainSafe operated Calibration archival node to the bootstrap list ([filecoin-project/lotus#12517](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12517))
- Fix hotloop in F3 pariticpation API ([filecoin-project/lotus#12575](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12575))

> - Return data with `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` APIs `execution reverted` error ([filecoin-project/lotus#12553](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12553))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Return a `Data` field from RPC when `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` APIs encounter `execution reverted` errors ([filecoin-project/lotus#12553](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12553))
```

Reviewer 3: Done

- `lotus-shed indexes inspect-indexes` now performs a comprehensive comparison of the event index data for each message by comparing the AMT root CID from the message receipt with the root of a reconstructed AMT. Previously `inspect-indexes` simply compared event counts, comparing AMT roots confirms all the event data is byte-perfect. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12570](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12570))
- Expose APIs to list the miner IDs that are currently participating in F3 via node. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12608](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12608))
- Implement new `lotus f3` CLI commands to list F3 participants, dump manifest and check the F3 status. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12617](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12617))

> - Return a `Data` field from RPC when `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` APIs encounter `execution reverted` errors([filecoin-project/lotus#12553](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12553))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Return a `"data"` field on the `"error"` returned from RPC when `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` APIs encounter `execution reverted` errors. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12553](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12553))
```

sorry, my bad, I know I've made a suggestion here before.
